1- AWS Serverless Application Model (SAM)
	
	- Resource types
	- Event source types
	- Property types

SAM Resource Types:

	- AWS::Serverless::Function
	- AWS::Serverless::Api
	- AWS::Serverless::SimpleTable

SAM Resource Types:	AWS::Serverless::Function

Properties

Property Name			Type				Description

Handler					string	Required. 	Function within your code that is called to begin execution.
Runtime					string	Required. 	The runtime environment.
CodeUri					string | S3 
								Location 
								Object	
								Required. 	S3 Uri or location to the function code. The S3 object this Uri references MUST be a Lambda deployment package.
FunctionName			string				A name for the function. If you don't specify a name, a unique name will be generated for you. More Info
Description				string				Description of the function.
MemorySize				integer				Size of the memory allocated per invocation of the function in MB. Defaults to 128.
Timeout					integer				Maximum time that the function can run before it is killed in seconds. Defaults to 3.
Role					string				ARN of an IAM role to use as this function's execution role. If omitted, a default role is created for this function.
Policies				string | List of 
								string | 
								IAM policy 
								document 
								object | 
								List of 
								IAM policy 
								document 
								object		Names of AWS managed IAM policies or IAM policy documents that this function needs, which should be appended to the default role for this function. If the Role property is set, this property has no meaning.
Environment				Function environment 
						object				Configuration for the runtime environment.
VpcConfig				VPC config object	Configuration to enable this function to access private resources within your VPC.
Events					Map of string to 
						Event source object	A map (string to Event source object) that defines the events that trigger this function. Keys are limited to alphanumeric characters.
Tags					Map of string to 
						string				A map (string to string) that specifies the tags to be added to this function. Keys and values are limited to alphanumeric characters. Keys can be 1 to 127 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. Values can be 1 to 255 Unicode characters in length. When the stack is created, SAM will automatically add a lambda:createdBy:SAM tag to this Lambda function.
Tracing					string				String that specifies the function's X-Ray tracing mode. Accepted values are Active and PassThrough


Return values

Ref

When the logical ID of this resource is provided to the Ref intrinsic function, it returns the resource name of the underlying Lambda function.

Fn::GetAtt

When the logical ID of this resource is provided to the Fn::GetAtt intrinsic function, it returns a value for a specified attribute of this type. This section lists the available attributes.

Attribute Name	Description
Arn	The ARN of the Lambda function.

